---
layout: post
title:  Busy week 
date: 2021-03-21 00:03:00
# description: 
---

This week, from Monday to Friday, was a busy one. It was fatigue but not too exhausted. Many things happened.

We worked on the vrp project but not went well. The ethics committee gave no results so that we had to keep waiting. My presentation of pitching the idea was a mess. Although J, S, and I we believed it is a good project and we can say a lot of things in VR and HCI, the concepts were still too vague to convince my audience. For now, I had to finish up fm and keep polishing vrp. Other than that, it was also the time to start new projects. Fortunately I did have a several in my mind. We had to do it remotely, though, including implementations and experiments.

The strong feeling that covid has fxxked up my phd life was always there, somewhere deep in my mind. From time to time, it just showed up again to say hello. A perfectly annoying friend who always pokes you and makes fun at you started with my phd and kept her accompany everyday. I hated this more and more and had no idea what to do. The times that I was out there in the evening and at night in Paris were rare, I could probably count them with one hand. I missed the days we can hang out in bars, restaurants, and concerts, even just in my friends' places. They were more than lovely as I could imagine.

I started to spend more time on reading because it is fun. I finished "The road," and it was a sorrow but great journey. I enjoyed the novel very much because it provides me pictures, the clear images of the scene and sometimes even every slight movement or face expression of the man and the boy. I could somehow see and feel them through the words. It was a great pleasure to read it. "Long ago in France" was another book I read recently and enjoyed so much. Again, it created pictures of the life in 20-30s Dijon. This became a way that I evaluate whether a piece of literature suits me well.

I also watched movies "her." The story was beautiful. I was happy I bought it on youtube so that I can watch again. Sometimes I also felt lonely and I hope ther could be someone who knows me even better than me there to chat with me. Perhaps it was still not the right time.
