---
layout: post
title:  anxious
date: 2021-01-12 00:01:00
# description: 
---

This is a two-day post.

### 6th

Finally, we are progressing on the harmful VR. J brought me through many logical thinking steps. I wonder whether I can do the same thing by myself. Nevertheless, there is nothing to hesitate. If we want to be a mature phd who conducts research independently, I have to perform just like him, or even better. Still wondering how can I do that, but the goal is quite clear from now on.

I found several papers that I believe could be useful for the project. Also I spend some time to work on RL a little bit more. The first year was about getting lost and the whole weird covid situation. I feel I kind of wasted a lot of time (<- this line is in fact not helping the situation). The past is past, we need to focus on what we could really do. Let's plan for tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, and so on. I feel my phd has just started like 5-6 months. All the covid stuff, I hate this more and more.

I miss the research life in the lab. I hate the empty lab right now. Even J had come back to Paris, there are no other students want to come to school. No phds, no master students, no administrative, an empty building with no one. What a first year of phd with covid.

### 12th

J and I chatted a lot about the research, funding and long term contribution/edge breaking progress of HCI research. We spent quite some time on reframing the old project. I will need to be more active on expressing my ideas, opinions and thoughts. Sometimes I feel I cannot express things well. I think I did not leave the Chinese stuff and I should change into english mode completely. Reducing more Chinese contents and so on. I will cherish everyday I am in France. I will speak and write English/French well. I can discuss with J, S, and E and other people at school. I need to know more about model/French HCI. I will need to the important topics in my field (computational + RL/ML/DL). I will have to work on the topics I love. I will need to use time well. Wasting time on things and people I love. I will produce three projects on my own. I will find a nice place for intern and postdoc. I will be over the Wen-Jie in Taiwan. This does not mean not contacting with my family, friends, and people I known. They are always important to me. It's just I need to change myself to achieve the things I want to do. Say goodbye to the yesterday?! Fight for yourself Wen-Jie. (I shouldn't write too late :D)
